Revamp the toplevel and the docker README (#5979)
graphprotocol/graph-node: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-node/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-node/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Getting Started Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-getting--started-brightgreen.svg)](docs/getting-started.md)

> [The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) is a protocol that organizes and serves web3 data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview

[The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) is decentralized protocol that organizes and distributes blockchain data across the leading Web3 networks. A key component of The Graph's tech stack is Graph Node. 
```

Graph Node extracts and transforms blockchain data and makes the transformed

> data available to decentralized applications (dApps) via GraphQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data available to decentralized applications (dapps) via GraphQL queries.
```

> You can find more details on how to write these transformations, called
> _subgraphs_, in the official [Graph
> documentation](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/quick-start/). If you
> are not familiar already with subgraphs, we highly recommend at least
> reading through that documentation first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using `graph-node,` it's highly recommended that you read the [official Graph documentation]((https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/quick-start/) to understand Subgraphs, which are schema-driven APIs. 
```

> The rest of this page is geared towards two audiences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is for:
1. Subgraph developers who want to run `graph-node` locally to test their Subgraphs during development
2. Contributors who want to add features or fix bugs to `graph-node` itself
```

> 1. Subgraph developers who want to run `graph-node` locally so they can test
>    their subgraphs during development
> 2. Developers who want to contribute bug fixes and features to `graph-node`
>    itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local Set Up
```

> ## Running `graph-node` from Docker images
> 
> For subgraph developers, it is highly recommended to use prebuilt Docker
> images to set up a local `graph-node` environment. Please read [these
> instructions](./docker/README.md) to learn how to do that.
> 
> ## Running `graph-node` from source
> 
> This is usually only needed for developers who want to contribute to `graph-node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 1: Running graph-node from Docker images (recommended for Subgraph Developers)
Use prebuilt Docker images to set up a local graph-node environment. Please read [these
instructions](./docker/README.md) to learn how to do that.
Option 2: Running graph-node from source (recommended for Contributors) 
To contribute, clone the repo, build, and run `graph-node` from source. 
```

### Prerequisites

> To build and run this project you need to have the following installed on your system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run this project, you need to have the following installed on your system:
```

> - Rust (latest stable) – [How to install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/install.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rust (latest stable): Follow [How to install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/install.html)
```

>   has general instructions. Run `rustup install stable` in this directory to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for general instructions. Then run `rustup install stable` in this directory to make
```

>   has general instructions. Run `rustup install stable` in this directory to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `rustup install stable` in this directory to make
```

  sure all required components are installed. The `graph-node` code assumes that the
  latest available `stable` compiler is used.

> - PostgreSQL – [PostgreSQL Downloads](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) lists
>   downloads for almost all operating systems. For OSX users, we highly recommend
>   using [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). Linux users can simply use the
>   Postgres version that comes with their distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PostgreSQL: [PostgreSQL Downloads](https://www.postgresql.org/download/) lists
  downloads for almost all operating systems. 
  - For OSX: Use [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). 
  - For Linux: Use the Postgres version that comes with their distribution.
```

> - IPFS – [Installing IPFS](https://docs.ipfs.io/install/)
> - Protobuf Compiler - [Installing Protobuf](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IPFS: [Installing IPFS](https://docs.ipfs.io/install/)
- Protobuf Compiler: [Installing Protobuf](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/)
```

For Ethereum network data, you can either run your own Ethereum node or use an Ethereum node provider of your choice.

### Create a database

> Once Postgres is running, you need to issue the following commands to create a database
> and set it up so that `graph-node` can use it. The name of the `SUPERUSER` depends
> on your installation, but is usually `postgres` or your username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Postgres is running, you need to issue the following commands to create a database
and configure it for use with `graph-node`. 
> The name of the `SUPERUSER` depends on your installation, but it's typically `postgres` or your username.
```

```bash
psql -U <SUPERUSER> <<EOF
create user graph with password '<password>';
create database "graph-node" with owner=graph template=template0 encoding='UTF8' locale='C';
create extension pg_trgm;
create extension btree_gist;
create extension postgres_fdw;
grant usage on foreign data wrapper postgres_fdw to graph;
EOF

# Save this in ~/.bashrc or similar

> export POSTGRES_URL=postgresql://graph:<password>@localhost:5432/graph-node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export the connection: 
export POSTGRES_URL=postgresql://graph:<password>@localhost:5432/graph-node
```

```

> With this setup, the URL that you will use to have `graph-node` connect to the
> database will be `postgresql://graph:<password>@localhost:5432/graph-node`. If
> you ever need to manually inspect the contents of your database, you can do
> that by running `psql $POSTGRES_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this URL to have `graph-node` connect to the
database: `postgresql://graph:<password>@localhost:5432/graph-node`. 
If you ever need to manually inspect the contents of your database, you can do
that by running `psql $POSTGRES_URL`.
```

> ### Build `graph-node`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build and Run `graph-node`
```

> To build `graph-node`, clone this repository and run this command at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Clone this repository and run this command at the
```

root of the repository:

```bash
export GRAPH_LOG=debug
cargo run -p graph-node --release -- \
  --postgres-url $POSTGRES_URL \
  --ethereum-rpc NETWORK_NAME:[CAPABILITIES]:URL \
  --ipfs 127.0.0.1:5001
```

The argument for `--ethereum-rpc` contains a network name (e.g. `mainnet`) and
a list of provider capabilities (e.g. `archive,traces`). The URL is the address
of the Ethereum node you want to connect to, usually a `https` URL, so that the
entire argument might be `mainnet:archive,traces:https://provider.io/some/path`.

> When `graph-node` starts, it prints the various ports that it is listening on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `graph-node` starts, it will expose:
```

> The most important of these is the GraphQL HTTP server, which is by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important: GraphQL HTTP server, which is by default
```

> is at `http://localhost:8000`. You can use routes like `/subgraphs/name/<subgraph-name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at `http://localhost:8000`. 

You can use routes like `/subgraphs/name/<subgraph-name>`
```

and `/subgraphs/id/<IPFS hash>` to query subgraphs once you have deployed them.

### Deploying a Subgraph

> Instructions for how to deploy subgraphs can be found [here](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/developing/introduction/) After setting up `graph-cli` as described there, you can deploy a subgraph to your local Graph Node instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Subgraph deployment guide](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/subgraphs/developing/introduction/). After setting up `graph-cli` as described, you can deploy a Subgraph to your local Graph Node instance.
```

### Advanced Configuration

The command line arguments generally are all that is needed to run a
`graph-node` instance. For advanced uses, various aspects of `graph-node`
can further be configured through [environment
variables](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-node/blob/master/docs/environment-variables.md).

> Very large `graph-node` instances can also be configured using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note: Very large `graph-node` instances can also be configured using a
```
